0.23.12 Changelog (#298)
astronomer/docs: cloud/stable/06_resources/01_release-notes.md

Specifically, Airflow 1.10.15 includes the following changes:

- Fix sync-perm to work correctly when update_fab_perms = False [(commit)](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow/commit/950028f93e1220d49629aea10dfbaf1173b8910b)
- Pin SQLAlchemy to <1.4 due to breakage of sqlalchemy-utils [(commit)](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow/commit/331f0d23260a77212e7b15707e04bee02bdab1f2)
- Enable DAG Serialization by default [(commit)](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cd1961873783389ee51748f7f2a481900cce85b9)
- Stop showing Import Errors for Plugins in Webserver [(commit)](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a386fd542fe1c46bd3e345371eed10a9c230f690)
- Add role-based authentication backend [(commit)](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16461c3c8dcb1d1d2766844d32f3cdec31c89e69)
- Show a "Warning" to Users with duplicate connections [(commit)](https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c037d48c9e383a6fd0b1b0d88407489d0ed02194)

> For more information on upgrading to Airflow 1.10.15 on Astronomer, read [Upgrade Airflow](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/cloud/stable/customize-airflow/manage-airflow-versions).

Reviewer: @jwitz Let's add these additional resources/links? I know they're both in the upgrade doc, but I can't see how adding them here for reference would hurt.

> For detailed guidelines on how to upgrade Airflow on Astronomer, read [Upgrade Airflow](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/cloud/stable/customize-airflow/manage-airflow-versions). For more information on 1.10.15, check out the [Airflow Release](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/1.10.15/changelog.html) or the corresponding [AC 1.10.5 changelog](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/1.10.5/CHANGELOG.md).

- The value for an Environment Variable that exists with the same name in 2+ Airflow Deployments now renders correctly when navigating between those Deployments in the Astronomer UI.
- Setting `AIRFLOW__KUBERNETES__FS_GROUP:50000` in the Astronomer UI now properly forces the `fsGroup` setting in the pod template file. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-chart/pull/190))
- Fixed an issue where Airflow Schedulers were unable to adopt running Kubernetes Executor tasks due to a permissions error, causing those tasks to be queued and then terminated. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-chart/pull/191))

## v0.23.11

Release Date: February 11, 2021

### Bug Fixes & Improvements

- BugFix: Connections, Pools, and Variables in `airflow_settings.yaml` not built into image via Astronomer CLI if Airflow 2.0 image (*Resolved in CLI v0.23.3*)
- BugFix: Houston API does not pull latest available Airflow patch on deploy (e.g. Airflow `2.0.0-1` if Airflow `2.0.0-2` is available)

> - BugFix: A SysAdmin Service Account created via the Houston API does not have right to see all Workspaces and can only be seen by a SysAdmin user in the Workspace(s) they're a part of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Not applicable to Cloud 👀

- BugFix: Workspace Service Account suddenly only available as a Deployment Service account (Error: `Insufficient Permissions`)

> - BugFix: The Houston DB migration pod stuck in interactive mode on upgrade to Astronomer v0.23
> - BugFix: Upgrade from Airflow 2.0.0 to Airflow 2.0.1 via the Astronomer CLI fails

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The first not applicable to Cloud, the second no longer given 2.0.1 drop 😞

## Astronomer v0.23

### v0.23.12

Release Date: March 30, 2021

### Support for Airflow 2.0.1

> [Airflow 2.0.1](https://github.com/apache/airflow/releases/tag/2.0.1) brings key fixes and performance improvements to some of the new features that arrived with [Airflow 2.0](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/customize-airflow/upgrade-to-airflow-2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Airflow 2.0.1](https://github.com/apache/airflow/releases/tag/2.0.1) brings key fixes and performance improvements to some of the new features that arrived with [Airflow 2.0](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/cloud/stable/customize-airflow/upgrade-to-airflow-2).
```

cloud link hur

Specifically, some of the changes in Airflow 2.0.1 include:

- Fix User role permissions being added to custom roles [(#13856)](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/13856)
- Remove permissions to read configurations for User and Viewer roles [(#14067)](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/14067)
- Fix DB Migration for SQLite to upgrade to 2.0 [(#13921)](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/13921)
- Stop creating duplicate DAG File Processors [(#13662)](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/13662)
- Fix Scheduler failing if a task is removed at runtime [(#14057)](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/14057)
- Disable row-level locking for MariaDB and MySQL <8 [(#14031)](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/14031)
- Add `__repr__` for Executors [(#13753)](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/13753)
- Add `queued_by_job_id` & `external_executor_id Columns` to BrowseTaskInstances view in the Airflow UI [(#13266)](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/13266)

> - Dispose connections when running tasks with os.fork & CeleryExecutor [(#13265)](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/13265)

Reviewer: @jwitz Should we add:

> 
> To upgrade to AC 2.0.1, add our new Debian image to your Dockerfile:
> 
> ```
> FROM quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:2.0.1-buster-onbuild
> ```
> 
> For detailed guidelines on how to upgrade Airflow on Astronomer, read [Upgrade Airflow](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/cloud/stable/customize-airflow/manage-airflow-versions). For more information on 2.0.1, check out the [Airflow Release](https://github.com/apache/airflow/releases/tag/2.0.1) or the corresponding [AC 2.0.1 changelog](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/tree/master/2.0.1/buster).

Reviewer: (and the same for 1.10.15)?

Release Date: March 30, 2021

> ### Support for Airflow 2.0.1

Reviewer 2: +1

> ### Support for Airflow 2.0.1

Reviewer: Oh man, we were behind on that announcement 😞  Should be addressed now.

Release Date: December 16, 2020

#### Platform Support for Airflow 2.0

> 
> Astronomer now offers full support for [Airflow 2.0](https://www.astronomer.io/blog/introducing-airflow-2-0/). Already available for local development, Airflow 2.0 is a momentous open-source release that includes a refactored Scheduler, over 30 UI/UX improvements, a new REST API and much more.
> 
> In support of Airflow 2.0, Astronomer v0.23 includes:
> 
> - Support for Multiple Schedulers
> - A mechanism to ensure that users migrate to Airflow 1.10.14 prior to upgrading to 2.0
> - Support for Airflow's ["upgrade check"](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/v0.23/upgrade-check.html) in the Astronomer CLI (`$ astro dev upgrade-check`)
> 
> For local development guidelines, read [Get Started with Airflow 2.0](https://www.astronomer.io/guides/get-started-airflow-2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Astronomer now offers full support for [Airflow 2.0](https://www.astronomer.io/blog/introducing-airflow-2-0/), a momentous open-source release that includes a refactored Scheduler, over 30 UI/UX improvements, a new REST API, and much more.

In support for Airflow 2.0, Astronomer has:

- Support for [Multiple Schedulers](https://www.astronomer.io/blog/airflow-2-scheduler) (*added in v0.22.3*)
- A mechanism to ensure that users migrate to Airflow 1.10.14+ prior to upgrading to 2.0.0+ (*added in v0.23.5*)
- Support for Airflow's ["upgrade check"](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/v0.23/upgrade-check.html) in the Astronomer CLI (`$ astro dev upgrade-check`) (*added in v0.23.5*)

For guidelines on how to upgrade, read [Upgrade to Airflow 2.0 on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/cloud/stable/customize-airflow/upgrade-to-airflow-2).
```

Reviewer: Kinda weird because these things were all added in previous versions (not the case for Enterprise). I think it's cool to keep them, but I did suggest adding the corresponding platform versions at which time that functionality technically became available.
